1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages.
    
2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to create pages in the web. Each page contains connections to other pages called hyperlinks.
    
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is a special word used inside the opening tag to control; the element's behavior.
    
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used titles, we usually used once in the top of the page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<a> and <ing>

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header>
    
7. What is an id? 
The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
It can be used with any HTML 5 element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
1
 
10. What is a class? 
the class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all elements

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
no limit but it depends which browser we're using 

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
use the <a> tag with the href attribute 

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an area, if the image cannot be displayed.
The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).
The alt attribute is required if the href attribute is present.
    
15. How do I reference an id?
#
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
<section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.
    
17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. 

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
by writing h2
    
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. 

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. ... The element > element selector selects those elements which are the children of specific parent. The operand on the left side of > is the parent and the operand on the right is the children elemen

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
#sidebar a:link

24. What is a pseudo selector?
selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
uppercase,lowercase,capitalize

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{border: 1px solid black;outline-style: dotted;}
    
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
start a comment with /* , and end it with */ 

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
pwd 

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, it's removed permently

34. Why should I use version control? 
Awesome tool to collaborate on a project

35. How often should I commit to github?
Every time you make a change

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork project 
Add your collaborator 
Clone it down to Terminal 
And create a new branch with your first and last name